{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Archery Range Commands 1.0\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Archery Range Commands facilitates standard range commands for controlling a line of archers through the archery range:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sounds - archers to the line\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 sound - shoot\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 sounds - retrieve arrows\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 or more sounds - emergency\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Touch the button for the command you wish to give and the sounds will be played.  Sounds can be changed in settings.\
\
Using a Timer\
By default, archers are given unlimited time to shoot.  You can turn on a timer and set a time limit in Settings.  When the shoot command is given, the timer will start.  When the timer expires, the retrieve command will automatically be given and the timer will reset.\
\
Pausing the Timer\
When the timer is active, it will automatically be paused if an emergency command is given.  Alternatively, if you touch the timer, it will pause without a command.  When a timer is paused, you can adjust the time remaining, or reset it.\
\
Restarting a Paused Timer\
When the timer is paused, it will automatically restart when the shoot command is given.  If the timer was paused silently, it can be restarted by touching it again.  A paused timer will automatically be reset if the retrieve arrows command is given.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Have fun on the range, and be safe!!}